[DOCS] Restructure table of contents for configure and operations (#2320)
grafana/tempo: docs/sources/tempo/operations/caching.md

Using a combination of these config options, we can narrow down on which bloom filters are cached, thereby reducing our
cache eviction rate, and increasing our cache hit rate. Nice!

> So how do we decide the values of these config parameters? We have added a new command to [tempo-cli]({{< relref "tempo_cli" >}}) that

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In order to decide the values of these config parameters, you can use a cache summary command in the [tempo-cli]({{< relref "tempo_cli" >}}) that
```
